If you were in a circus, which character would you be?
What is the worst advice you have given?
What is one thing you should never say at a wedding?
What is the worst pickup line you have ever heard?
If you could only store one type of food in your pocket, what would you carry?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If you were a farm animal, which would you be and why?
What is the worst first date you have ever been on?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
If you could do anything illegal without getting caught, what would you do?
What is the weirdest food combination you've ever tried?
Did you have an imaginary friend? What was their name?
Have you ever had a dream where everyone was in their underwear?
Who's your favorite comedian?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Which animal at the zoo do you like best?
If you had the opportunity to invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be?
What's your favorite word?
Would you switch roles with your parent if you had the chance?
When was the last time you used the words "thank you"?
If you had a robot for the entire day, what would you ask it to do?
Do you prefer cold weather or hot weather?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, which would it be?
What was the last thing that made you smile?
If you could be famous, would you want to be? Why?
Did anything make you upset today?
If you could have more friends, would you?
What do you like most about your friends?
Where do you want to be ten years from now?
If you were given $100, what would you spend it on?
What do you think are the best traits for a person to have?
Would you ever get a tattoo? What would it be?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you choose and why?
What is something you wish you could do everyday?
If you could ask for a miracle, what would it be?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What is the biggest risk you've ever taken?
What would your ideal life look like?
If someone gave you an envelope with your death date inside of it, would you open it?
When have you been the most happy?
What is your idea of the perfect day?
Who has been the most influential person in your life and why?
What book had a big influence on you?
Do you think your priorities have changed since you were younger?
What is the most memorable lesson you learned from your parents?
What does success mean to you?
What is the most difficult thing you've ever done?
What scares you most about your future?
What do you think people need to know about each other before they get married?
What makes you very sentimental?
What do I do that makes you smile?
What is the best or worst trait you inherited from your parents?
Who was your first crush and why?
What three things do you want to be remembered for?
What is something you've always wanted to do, but are scared to?
What motivates you most in life?
What things do you consider to be relationship deal breakers?
Do you think arguing is part of a relationship?
If we were to raise children, what are the most important things you would want them to learn?
How would you describe our relationship?
How would your partner describe you?
Do you consider yourself a spiritual person? How?
If you made a bucket list for us, what would you add to it?
What makes you feel discouraged?
What is a significant event that has changed you?
If your life was a movie, which celebrity would play you?
What's something not many people know about you?
What are you most passionate about?
What makes you laugh out loud?
What was your favorite thing to do as a kid?
Who do you text the most?
What do you like to cook the most?
What's your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite book?
Who is most influential in your life?
What was your best friend's name growing up?
How do you spend your mornings?
What's your all-time favorite band?
What's your dream job?
What did you study?
What did you want to be growing up?
What is the best pickup line you've ever used? Heard?
Do you have any nicknames?
What talent do you wish you had?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What is your favorite weekend activity?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What makes you most uncomfortable about dating?
What is your favorite place in the entire world?
If you could have dinner with anyone living or not, who would it be?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What was your worst wardrobe mistake?
What is the best restaurant you've been to?
What is your favorite kitchen smell?
Who would you swap lives with for a day?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the strangest gift you have ever received?
What is the funniest gift you have ever given?
What are three fun facts about yourself?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
Would you rather be invisible or have x-ray vision?
If you could only save one item from a house fire, what would it be?
What is the one food you could eat for the rest of your life?
If you won the lottery, what would be your first big buy?
What's one movie you could watch over and over?
Where's the most exotic place you've ever been?
If you could have picked your own name, what would it be?
What time period would you travel to?
What is one thing you can't live without?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is your earliest memory?
Who are you most thankful for and why?
Where do you want to go on the next family vacation?
What's the nicest thing a family member has ever done for you?
What was the biggest punishment you've ever received?
If you could describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What would be the first thing you would do if you traded places with your family member?
What instrument would you like to play?
If you could get all your family members to donate to a charity, what would it be and why?
Would you want to live on a boat, a mountain or an island?
What makes you most proud?
What three things are you most grateful for?
Who do you count on the most for help?
What would make you (if parent) most upset? A tattoo, a nose ring or a bad boyfriend/girlfriend?
What would be your ideal day?
What makes you the happiest?
If you could spend an entire day with a family member, who would it be and why?
If you could be an animal, what would it be and why?
If you could be any age, what age would you choose?
What's one thing you've won and how did you win it?
What did you think was the most challenging part of being a kid?
When is the last time you laughed so hard that you cried?
What are you reading right now?
What plans do you have for the weekend?
What's the most fun project you've ever worked on?
How old were you when you had your first job?
How long can you go without checking your phone?
Have you ever really kept a New Year's resolution?
What bad habits do you wish you could stop?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Have you ever been stalked on social media?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Are you a jealous person?
Do you prefer polaroid or digital cameras?
If someone offered to tell you your future, would you accept it?
Who's your biggest hero?
Have you ever stolen anything?
If you were to remove one social media app from your phone, which would it be and why?
If you could have tea with a fictional character, who would that be?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
If you could sit down with your 13-year old self, what would you say?
If you could only pack one thing for a trip (besides clothing) what would it be?
What makes you really angry?
What is your spirit animal?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What would your theme song be if you had your own show?
What bores you?
What would you do if you were home alone and the power went out?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
If your plane was going down, who would you would call?
What would your rock band group be called?
What do you drink?
Are you having a good time?
What's the worst thing one can say on a first date?
What made you laugh this week?
What's your fursona? I know you have one.
What's your favourite YouTube video?
What's the most annoying habit that a person can have?
What's your favourite season, and why?
What's the best thing on Netflix right now?
What games have you been playing recently?
What do you think is the best video game of all time?
